This Is my small test file to test you on your File IO skills
Mechatronics is super fun, and I’m going to say Mechatronics, 

Mechatronics, Mechatronics a bunch of times.

Mechatronics 2020-2021 - The year we did distance learning for almost the whole year... Crazy Times
Jackson Belo Grills
Jacob Chong
Ananeya Damene
Elizabeth Rose Dela Pena
Nelson Doang
Max Ellgen
Joshua Guzman Garcia
Natasha Li
Luke Lopus
Jimmy Martinez
Judith Miranda
Tiago Nunes
Kevin Quinonez
Jose Rodriguez Cortes
Martin Rodriguez
Froy Solorio
Rosalinda Solorio
Alex Taing
Derek Thach
Tu Tran
Conrad Wu

Franklin Chau
Lissette Chavez Deleon
Earl Dozier
Muhammed Mujahid
Makar Novikov
Luis Peña
Aidan Priest
Josue Quintero
Edenilson Sorto

Mechatronics 2019-2020 - The year we Sheltered in Place for for more than 3 months... Crazy Times
Ali Adem
Dylan Ang
Mateo Chacon
Karson Chu
Michelle Dao
Emmanuel  Guerrero Vega 
Connor Guzikowski
Christopher Hernandez
Austin Latour
Enrique Macias
Jonathan Murch
Nathanielle Peralta
Ivan Perez Torres
Trey Phillips
Jazmin Ruiz
Rikzin Schultens
Brandon Smith
Theodore Taylor 
Stephanie Tran
Julian Zaragoza

Anthony Mark Buccat
Guadalupe Castillo
Timothy Chan
Nguyen Chau
Dale Cherne
Nicolas Diaz
Maya Enriquez
Michael Hartley
Joshua Hintsa
Raymond Linton Kirton
Saul Payan
Kyle Todd
Cindy Tran
Angel Villagran Munoz

Mechatronics 2018-2019
Marcus Andretta
Jose Arellanes Aldaco
Stuart Bettencourt
William	Diaz
Phu Duy Doan
Bryan Duong
Raymond Duong
Mathew Giardino
Sylvia Gonzalez
Adrian Holmes
Jabarjung Hothi
Charman Keo
Kenneth Kobz
Calvin Martinez
Jakob Mceuen
Nolan Mcneill
Edvin Morales
Peter-Antoros Nguyen
Dylan Sager
David Torrez

Darryl Abueg
Carlos Avalos
Julian Castellanos
Jonathan Chu
Chelsea Cortez-Miranda
Christopher Demblewski
Francisco Esparza
Hazel Feldman
Jacob Gillaspie
Connor Grijalva
Eldin Hernandez
Zoe King
Chai Laset
Zachary Moody
Eric Nguyen
Ronald Royales
Jesus Sanchez
Melanny Valencia Medrano

Here is an email address Jim.The.STEAM.Clown@gmail.com that I use
Here is another email address TopClown@STEAMClown.org that I use
Here is one more email address jburnham@metroed.net that I use

The Most Horrible X-Mas Ever (Transcript)
Pan to Earth as seen from space. 'EARTH: TWO MILLION YEARS IN 
THE FUTURE' types out on screen. Fade in to a bedroom where a 
group of young children sit in front of Mr. Sludgy, a robotic 
snowman. 

Mr. Sludgey (singing): So raise the shields and have some joy, 
'cause Christmas time is heeere!

The children jump up and down with glee and cheer.
Child: That was great, Mr. Sludgy! Now, will you tell us the 
story of the most horrible Christmas ever?

Mr. Sludgy laughs.
Mr. Sludgy: No, little girl. No I won't.
A electric fizzling noise comes from inside Mr. Sludgy.
Mr. Sludgy: Wait... yes, I will! Well, it's a little hazy, but 
it all started 2 million years ago...
Fade in to the city 2 million years ago. It is snowing.
Mr. Sludgy (v.o.): ...with a little green nuclear mole, named 

Zim!
Some carolers sing within a giant snow globe. They sing the 
word 'blah' over and over to the tune of 'Jingle Bells.' A few 
people are gathered across the street, looking at something.
Mr. Sludgy (v.o.): Now, Zim hated humans more than anything!

The crowd leaves, revealing that they were standing in front of 
Zim, GIR, and MiniMoose. Zim wears a strange new human 
disguise, GIR wears his dog suit, and MiniMoose holds a 
collection plate on his head. Zim has a small animal stuck to 
his side. GIR eats snow from a pile on the ground.

Zim: Stink, stink, stink, stiiinking humaaans!!

The frame freezes and a comic panel showing Mr. Sludgy floats by.
Mr. Sludgy: But he didn't know much about Christmas now, did he?

GIR grabs the panel and eats it. The frame unfreezes.
Zim: Watch my dog eat snow! You! Watch the snow-eating!
Zim growls in frustration
Zim: The amazing snow-eating trick isn't working! The filthy 
horrible humans aren't giving us any Earth moneys. We need 
Earth moneys to appear as normal Earth-pigs. Hiiii-YA!
Zim kicks GIR into the snow.
Zim: MiniMoose!
MiniMoose squeaks.

Zim: How much have we earned?
MiniMoose squeaks again and faces towards Zim. Zim looks into 
the collection plate. There is a couple of bucks, some change, 
a sandwich, and a heart. Zim picks up the the sandwich and 
sniffs it.

Zim: Too-naa!?! Tuna is worth nothing!!
Zim tosses the sandwich.
Zim: Why does no one give moneys to Zim!?!
Zim hears a bell. He looks over at a donation Santa ringing the 
bell. People give the Santa donations.

Zim: There! That grubby red human!
Zim picks up MiniMoose and uses him as binoculars. MiniMoose's 
eyes become red and adjust like lenses. Zim looks at the Santa.
Zim: He's taking all my moneys!
Zim tosses MiniMoose to the side and then leaps into the air. 

He tackles Santa while grunting.
Zim: You! Stop stealing all the-
Zim hears another bell and gasps. Zim looks up and sees more 
donation Santas ringing bells.
Zim: Huh!?! Hmmm!?! Hmm!?! Oohhh!?! He's got reinforcements! 
They're everywhere! What are they!?!
Zim leaps back to where MiniMoose and GIR are. Zim yells, 
groans to himself a few times, then yells some more. GIR and 
MiniMoose join in. Cut to the mall at dusk. A sign hangs out 
front that says 'SEE SANTA NOW!' A mall Santa set-up is in the 
middle of the open area of the mall. A line of children wait to 
see Santa, with GIR (in little brother disguise) at the front 
of the line. Peaches stands next to the mall Santa, wearing an 
elf suit. GIR runs up and sits on Santa's lap.
Mall Santa: And what do you want, little boy or girl?
Santa pats GIR on the head.
GIR: I wants me a barrel of floss!
Mall Santa: Hmm mmm...
GIR: I wants me two balls of glue-
Mall Santa: Hmm mmm...
GIR: -TO BE MY FRIENDS! And I wants to go dancing NAKED!
GIR flips over onto his head.
Mall Santa: Hmm mmm...
GIR: And I wants...
Time passes. GIR is right-side up again. The mall Santa is 
shaking. He grunts.
GIR: And a chair made 'a cheese-
Mall Santa: Hmm mmm!
GIR: And a table made 'a cheese and a...
Mall Santa: Uuuh! No more! Get this kid away from me!
Zim (still in new human suit): My little child just loves you 
and I just... now, GIR!

A beeping noise is heard. GIR dives out of the way. The stomach 
on the suit turns into a large tube that sucks in the mall 
Santa. The belly button returns to normal, but the suit is made 
huge from the mall Santa inside. GIR collides with the suit, 
having almost been sucked in as well.

Zim: Let's go! Before anyone notices!
Zim grunts as he quickly waddles out of the mall with GIR on 
his shoulder. Cut to Zim's house, with snow on the roof. Zim 
(out of disguise) types into a control panel within the lab. 
The mall Santa is strapped onto an experimentation table. GIR 
(out of disguise) sits next to him, munching on candy. The mall 
Santa struggles to lean upwards, causing his spine to crackle. 
He sees Zim typing and view screens displaying Irken text, as 
well as MiniMoose. The mall Santa shrieks.
Mall Santa: What is that!?!
Zim glances at MiniMoose.
Zim: Oh, uh, that's MiniMoose, my, eh, OTHER sidekick, eh-hm. 
Yep! Been with me the whole time!
GIR: Mmmm-mm!
GIR goes back to gobbling the candy. The mall Santa reaches for 
some. Zim presses a button on a remote and the examination 
table tilts forward while MiniMoose does a barrel roll. Zim 
walks over to the mall Santa, using his mechanical spider legs.
Zim: No candy for you, chub-monster! Until you tell me 
everything you know about these red bearded men who smell of 
ham, and VOMIIIT!
Mall Santa: Oh... you must mean... Santa!
Zim (confused): You are... San-tah?
Mall Santa: No no, we're just Santa's helpers!
Zim: And you all report to this... San... TAAAA?
As the mall Santa talks, his eyes drift in separate directions.
Mall Santa: Well, nobody's ever seen the real Santa, but the 
world over loves Santa. And everyone waits with hope in their 
hearts for the day when he returns to his people.
Zim: Everyone!?! Hmmm... Computer! Drain the human's brain of 
all Santa knowledge!
A device attaches to the mall Santa's head. The mall Santa 
grunts as his knowledge is drained. Zim walks over to the 
computer screens. His mechanical spider legs retract. Santa 
knowledge begins to flash on the screen: a donation Santa 
ringing a bell, then eggnog, then a child giving a present to 
another child, then carolers, then the words '12 DAYS TO X-MAS.'

Zim: X-mas? Hmmmm....
Zim begins laughing evilly. A day calendar counting down to 
Christmas appears showing the days fly by, layered over Zim's 
evil laughs. The calendar stops at 2 days until Christmas. Cut 
to a small dog in the yard of Dib's neighbor. Gaz hangs on to 
the fence between the two yards holding her headless Bitey the 
Vampire toy. Gaz grunts. Outside of the garage, sparks fly as 
Dib works on repairing Tak's Spittle Runner. The sparks stop 
and Dib peers over at Gaz. He walks out from behind the ship.
Dib: You stare at that dog every Christmas, Gaz! Come on, 
already! It's creepy.
Gaz: Three Christmases ago, that dog ate the head off Bitey the 
Vampire! You said so yourself! I haven't forgotten.
Dib: Well, fixing an alien spaceship is hard enough without you 
distracting me.
Dib goes back behind the ship. Gaz groans. The sparks from 
working on the ship begin again.
Gaz: Besides, any moron could fix the ship faster than you.
Dib peeks his head out again.
Dib: Well...
Dib leaps out.
Dib: Can any moron do.. THIS!?!
Dib runs behind a shed while making a high-pitched squeal. He 
comes back dragging a huge cable with him. He plugs it into the 
ship, causing sparks. He presses a button. The ship begins to 
emit a glowing wave that pushes Dib to the ground. Suddenly, 
the city goes into a black-out. The sounds of car crashes and 
screams are heard.
Dib (o.s.): Sorry, everyone! ...Again!
Cut to Professor Membrane in the living room. The whole house 
is red with flashing lights. He looks at a monitor that shows a 
wire frame picture of the Earth with the words 'POWER OFF.' 
Professor Membrane pulls a lever and sparks fly. The monitor 
changes to say 'POWER ON.' The lights in the house return to 
normal.
Prof. Membrane: Power is restored to the Earth once more. It's 
a good thing I exist!
Professor Membrane leaps into the air and shoots a beam of 
energy at the door, making a hole where the door knob was. The 
door falls over and Dib and Gaz stand there. They walk in and 
the TV turns on displaying the words 'BREAKING NEWS' then 
'SANTA RETURNS.'
Prof. Membrane: Oh no! Santa!
Professor Membrane shakes his fist. The TV shows a reporter on 
WHUH 6 News reporting live.
WHUH Anchor: Yes, Santa Claus himself has returned to his 
people and just in time for Christmas! Check out this footage!
Cut to footage of 'reindeer' pulling Santa's sleigh. The 
reindeer are robots that look more like lumpish dogs. The 
reindeer at the front of the pack is MiniMoose, wearing bells 
and a red nose. Santa is none other than Zim in a Santa suit 
that leaves a space open for his face. His sleigh is high-tech 
looking. GIR (wearing both his dog suit and an elf disguise) 
throws presents from a large sack while yelling. The anchor 
appears over the footage.
WHUH anchor: The response has been overwhelming!
The footage changes to show a citizen with braces.
Citizen: I can't believe he's back!
Cut to footage of a woman with 3 children.
Woman: My heart explodes with joy!
The sound of her heart exploding is heard. She makes a squeak 
and falls to the ground. Cut to footage of a crowd gathered 
around a stage where Presidentman gives a speech. A banner that 
says 'WE LUV SANTA' hangs from the stage.
WHUH anchor (v.o.): And even our Presidentman has given up his 
power, making room for Santa.
Presidentman: It's alllll yours, Santa!
Presidentman mounts the podium. Cut to footage of the reporter 
interviewing Zim on the street.

WHUH anchor: We have Santa himself in an exclusive interview! 
Santa, speak to us!
The WHUH anchor holds his microphone up to Zim.
Zim: People of Earth, I have returned! To reclaim my rightful 
place as ruler of this world! All will obey Santa in this new 
world order! Oh yeah! Rejoice, brothers!
Crowd: Hail Santa!
The anchor chuckles.
WHUH anchor: That sounds like a lot of fun.
Membrane turns off the TV. He squeezes the remote and begins to 
crush it.
Prof. Membrane: I've never trusted that jolly, fat man!
Flashback to Membrane as a child on Christmas, wearing a mini-
version of the lab suit he wears as an adult. He walks over to 
his present.
Prof. Membrane: Oh boy! I asked Santa to bring me 12 cases of 
Uranium 238! Yay!
Membrane opens the present and pulls out a sock. More socks 
begin to spring out, then a whole stream of socks shoots into 
the air.
Prof. Membrane: Noo!! Santa has let me down! I will turn my 
back on him and devote a portion of my life to destroying 
Santa!
Membrane screams. The flashback ends as the socks pile up over 
him. Adult Professor Membrane stands up, grips his head, and 
runs screaming. Dib picks up the remote.
Dib: Jeez, Dad...
Dib turns the TV back on to the interview.
Zim: Oh yeahhh! And I command all you Earth monkeys to gather 
at the jolly Christmas rallies I'm holding all over the 
globe... to receive further instructions!
Dib: Earth monkeys!?! Oh no!
Zim (echoing): Oh yeahhh!

Cut to a Stadium. Searchlights shine into the sky. Zim (in 
Skool boy disguise) stands behind the curtains next to his 
Santa suit, pressing buttons on a remote. Wires are connected 
to the inside of the suit through the hole where Zim's face 
would be. GIR in his dog/elf suit stands beside Zim, sucking on 
a candy cane.
Zim: We don't have much time! I only hope the suit can absorb 
all the Santa data! This is not going to be easy, GIR!
Zim runs to the curtains and peaks through at the crowd.
Zim: Look at all those... children!
GIR pops up from behind Zim's head, waving. They go back behind 
the curtains.
Announcer: People of Earth! I give you... Santa Claus!
The lights in the stadium turn on.
Crowd (chanting): Santa! Santa! (over and over)
Zim's lawn gnomes, now made to look like elves, file out onto 
the stage. A glowing light shoots out from a hole in the center 
of the stage. Zim (now in the Santa suit) rises from this hole, 
under a cloth covering. He throws the cloth aside. The flashing 
of people taking pictures of Zim is seen. The crowd cheers 
excitedly. Zim leaps over into a huge throne. The 'santa' 
chanting stops. The entire crowd has there arms up in the air. 
A sing-along begins, with a MiniMoose as the bouncing ball that 
tells you what to say. The lyrics are chanted as they appear. 

The song is accompanied by the dancing Lawn Elves.
Bow Down
Bow Down
Before the power of Santa
Or be crushed
be crushed
By
His jolly boots of doom.

The sing-along starts from the beginning. This time the Lawn 
Elves don't dance and Santa just blows kisses to the crowd.

Zim: Ho ho ho! Santa has returned for all the good little boys 
and girls of the world... to announce a new Christmas 
tradition!
The crowd gasps and murmurs.
Zim: It's the yuletide "helping of Santa to build a giant 
teleporter capable of sending all humans to their doom"!
Zim chuckles.
Zim: My Labor Sleighs will take you to the North Pole, where 
you will build the teleporter!
The Labor Sleighs lower down into the stadium.
Audience member: Will being teleported to our doom be fun and 
Christmasey?
Zim: Ho ho ho ho ho ho! Of course it will, you hideous fool!
GIR rises out of the stage.
Crowd: Yaaaay!! Hail Santa! Hail Santa!
Some crowd members throw candy canes, which land at Santa's 
feet. A huge woman and a row of children stand at the edge of 
the stage.
Woman: Santa Master? These cute kids would love to sit on your 
lap and beg for presents!
A little girl runs forward.
Girl: Pweeeease, Santa? Pweeeeeeee-
The girl pauses for breath.
Girl: -eeeease?
Zim turns his head away from the crowd.
Zim: Great ghost of dooky!
Zim faces the crowd. GIR sucks on two candy canes at once.
Zim: Eh... um... Of course, filthies. Eh... Come to Santa.
GIR runs out of the way as a barrage of children fly at Zim. 
They cling all over him.
Zim: Ho ho ho! Ow ow ow ow ow! Ew, ew! Drool! Get off!
Electricity begins to surge through the suit.
Zim: Wait! What's happening!?!
The suit twists around.
Zim (deeper voice): What is the suit doing!?!
Zim suddenly looks happy.
Zim: Ho ho ho, children!
Zim hugs the kids.
Zim: I love you! All of you! Elves!
Some Lawn Elves pop up.
Zim: Wrap up everything I have and give it to these good people 
here!
The crowd cheers. The Lawn Elves grab random things from the 
stage and give them to the crowd. One grabs the wire connecting 
to a snowman with a view screen for a face that says 'OBEY,' 
causing the screen to go into static. Another grabs that 
snowman's hat. GIR walks by with a tiny Christmas tree. Some 
elves grab a wreath. One of the snowmen is also given to the 
audience. Zim suddenly regains control and stands up.

Zim: No! Give that stuff back!
Zim throws GIR, who was trying to pull out another wire.
Zim: And get off of Santa! Now!
Zim knocks all of the children off of him, sending them flying 
into the snow.

Zim: Get off! Get off! Get off!
Zim faces away from the crowd.
Zim: I didn't tell the suit to do any of that!
Dib (o.s.): What's the matter, Santa!?!
Zim turns around to see Dib standing on the stage.
Zim: Dib!

Dib: How do we know THIS is the real Santa!?!
Zim sits down in his throne.
Zim: Eh, of course I'm Santa! I have robot elves!
The Lawn Elves shoot lasers from their eyes up into the air.
Crowd: Ooooooh!

Crowd member: Robot elves!! Just like in the stories!
Dib: What stories had robot elves? Everyone, remember last 
Christmas when you thought that escaped Gorilla was Santa?
Crowd member: He wasn't!?!
That crowd member screams and slides down the shirt of another 
crowd member. The crowd boos and throws various things at Dib. 

A snowball hits Dib. He wipes away the snow. Dib leaps back 
right before a car lands where he was standing.
Zim: Now, now. Christmas is a time to be kind to all the boys 
and girls of the world. Unless their heads are filthy with 
lies! To the jingle jail with the non-believer!

Lawn Elves pour onto the stage and surround Dib. Dib mutters 
and screams.
Dib: Nooo! Noooo!!
The crowd of Lawn Elves carries him off the stage. GIR rides on 
top of the crowd as well.
Dib: You won't get away with this, Zim! I won't let you ruin 

Christmas!
Zim: Ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho! Merry Christmas, Dib! Merry 

Christmas!
A large banner with the 2-eyed Irken symbol wearing a Santa hat 

unveils behind Zim.
Zim: Ho ho ho ho ho ho! Ho ho ho ho ho! Ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho 
ho!
(commercial break)
Cut to the room with Mr. Sludgy 2 million years in the future.
Mr. Sludgy: Well, things looked bad for Dib. Zim had fooled the 
whole world. But he didn't know much about Christmas now, did 
he?
Mr. Sludgy winks.
Child (o.s.): I don't get it!

The child sits on the bed next to Mr. Sludgy.
Child: Why does he want to take over the Earth so badly? What 
does he have to gain, or to loose!?! And the mechanizations of 
this malfunctioning Santa suit completely elude me!

Mr. Sludgy just stares. He finally grabs the child by her head 
and sticks her under the bed.

Mr. Sludgy: As I was saying, things looked bad for Dib. Zim was 
already preparing for his trip to the North Pole when...
Cut to one of the Labor Sleighs preparing for take-off. Zim (in 
Santa suit) monitors the process on a hovering disk along with 
GIR (in dog-elf suit). MiniMoose (with bells and red nose) 
follows behind them. Lawn Elves carry machinery and parts into 
the Labor Sleigh.

Zim: Hurry it up! All this horrible jolliness is getting to me! 
You!

Zim points a candy cane at MiniMoose. MiniMoose squeaks.
Zim: Stop being jolly!
MiniMoose makes a sad squeak. The last Lawn Elf carries the 
jingle jail containing Dib. The jingle jail has bars made of 
candy canes. The Lawn Elf tosses the jingle jail onto the 
floor. Zim, GIR, and MiniMoose enter. The hatch of the Labor 
Sleigh closes and the it takes off. MiniMoose moves some levers 
around in the control room. In the storage room, Dib watches 

Zim pace around and grunts.
Dib: Hmmm... Something has Zim worried. If I could just get out 
of this cell, I....
Dib pulls on the bars. He grunts as they break. Dib rolls out 
and the jingle jail collapses.
Dib: Hey!
Dib takes a bite of one of the candy cane bars.
Dib: These are made of real candy cane!
Dib notices Zim approaching and walks over to a nearby Lawn 
Elf. He grabs its hat, Elf ears, and beard and puts them on. 

Dib also imitates the creepy smile all of the Lawn Elves have. 
When the Lawn Elf doesn't react top Dib, Dib shoves it out of 
the way. Zim walks over to Dib. Dib tries to stand perfectly 
still. He shakes a little. Zim leans on Dib.

Zim: It's funny, robot Elf. I've never seen you before... but 
you're the only one I can talk to right now, you know?
Dib nods his head.
Dib: Hmmm... Hmm mmm!
Zim stands up straight and lifts his hand from Dib.
Zim: It all seemed so perfect!
Flashback to Zim's house. Cut to the lab. Zim wears his goggles 
and holds a large wire. A pile of a Vortian substance rests on 
a disk.

Zim (v.o.): If there's one thing humans can't resist, it's a 
fat man with presents! So, I became that fat man!
Zim sticks the wire into the Vortian liquid. It starts to 
jitter around.

Zim (v.o.): The hardest part was making the Santa suit! I used 
a Vortian liquid substance.

Zim glances at a monitor that flashes different images of 
various people dressed as Santa.

Zim (v.o.): Every molecule is a tiny hard drive I filled up 
with all the Santa data I could find.

The Vortian liquid forms into the Santa suit. The suit waves 
its arms.

Zim (v.o.): Look at that, that's my favorite part, there he 
gets all jiggly! Hehe, jiggly!
Time passes. Zim wears his skool child disguise along with a 
brain interface strip connected to his head.

Zim (v.o.): An ingenious brain interface allows me to command 
the suit! Thus, I become Santa!
Zim presses a button on the brain interface and the Vortian 
liquid surrounds Zim and forms the Santa suit around him. The 
flashback ends.

Zim: But I think I'm losing control. I programmed it too well! 
'Cause I'm amazing. And now it thinks it is Santa! Anything 
Christmasey makes it go crazy! And it takes over, filling me 
with hideous jolly feelings! I'd destroy it but I need to play 
Santa 'til I beam humanity to the Tallest as slaves!
Dib: Slaves!?! That's awful!
Dib covers his mouth.
Zim: Isn't it? But if this suit takes over, it'll ruin 
everything!
GIR walks in, out of disguise.
GIR (singing): We wish you a merry jingly, we wish you a merry 
jingly, we wish yoooooooooou-
Zim: No, GIR! No!
The Santa suit starts to morph.
Zim: Stop singing! Nooooo!!
The Santa suit makes Zim jolly. He approaches GIR, meaning to 
hug him.
Zim: Ho ho ho! Little fellow, you're so cute!
GIR: I am!
Dib grabs a large candy cane. He swings it at the Santa suit 
but it absorbs into it. Zim turns around.
Zim: Wuh-ho ho ho! More Christmas power for Santa!
The Santa suit's gut bulges over and hits Dib. Dib groans as he 
falls to the floor, his elf disguise falling off except for one 
of the ears. Dib rubs his side and groans. Zim regains control.
Zim: Dib! Elves! Seize him!
Some Lawn Elves approach Dib.
Zim: This time throw him in the actually strong jingle jail!
The Elves grab him and drag him towards the strong jingle jail.
Dib: Why didn't you throw me in the strong one in the first 
place?

The jingle jail opens and the Elves toss him in. It closes 
behind him.
Zim: You can never understand my amazing brain! Hope you like 
snow, Dib!
Zim presses a button and a trap door under the jingle jail 
opens. Dib screams as the jingle jail falls and lands on a 
platform of ice floating in the arctic waters. The Labor Sleigh 
flies off. A bit of water seeps into the jingle jail.. Dib 
pulls out his laptop and presses some keys. Cut to Gaz, still 
hanging on the fence and holding the headless Bitey toy in 
front of the dog. Gaz groans. Gaz's watch beeps. She looks at 
it. Back at the arctic, Gaz's face appears on Dib's laptop.

Dib: Gaz! I'm trapped in a frozen wasteland!
Gaz: Who isn't?
Dib: And Zim's posing as Santa and he's gonna take over the 
world!
Gaz: That's great, Dib. Look, I gotta go.
Dib: Okay, Gaz. I think it's time I told you. The dog's 
innocent! I used Bitey the Vampire for a teleporter experiment 
and switched his head onto a fly's body!
Gaz gives a shocked look, the dog barks in surprise, and the 
Bitey-headed fly sits on a nearby flower.
Dib: So, if you wanna beat me up, you're gonna hafta rescue me 
first because-
Gaz blasts away the top of the jingle jail with the help of 
Tak's ship.

Dib: Gaz?
Gaz: Get in.
Dib: Wow! Tak's ship! How did you-?
Gaz pulls Dib in by his hair. The ice slab with the jingle jail 
sinks into the water. Tak's ship shakes around and Dib yells as 
Gaz beats him up inside. Cut to the North Pole, where the giant 
teleporter is being built. Some people carry a large part over 
to the teleporter. A large clock tower counts down to 
Christmas. GIR (in dog-elf disguise) stands on a balcony with a 
megaphone. He motions the workers with his arms.
GIR: Mmm mhmm, a little that way. No, a little back. Good, 
goood.

An explosion is heard.
Zim: GIR!
GIR runs inside. Zim holds a large screw-like device.
Zim: The teleporter is almost built, GIR!
In the background, a group of workers stop to sing 'jingly 
bells.'
Zim: This stabilizer should keep the suit from going crazy and 
ruining the ceremony!
Zim grunts and hold the stabilizer up to his head. The suit 
begins to morph.
Zim: Nooo! Not the jingly bells!
Zim struggles to remain in control. He picks up the stabilizer 
and rams it into the head of the suit. Sparks fly and Zim 
regains complete control. Zim walks over to the balcony.
Zim: Enough jolly! Back to work, all of you! Christmas is 
almost here! The masses are coming! I need that teleporter!
Tak's ship flies along the icy landscape. Dib is beaten up and 
no longer wears the elf ear.

Dib: I can't believe it! I finally fixed it! I'm actually 
flying in my own alien ship!
Gaz: You fixed it!?!
Dib: Well... I fixed most of it!
Dib presses a button and a monitor on the ship's dashboard goes 
from static to an image of Professor Membrane.
Dib: Dad! I need your help!

Prof. Membrane: Look son, I'm right in the middle of-
Dib: But it's Santa! He's-
Prof. Membrane: Santa!?!
Dib: He's evil! And he wants to annihilate all mankind!
Prof. Membrane: I knew this day would come! Son, I'm giving you 
full access to the anti-Santa arsenal I made when I was a 
child!

Tak's ship flies over a small piece of land among the ice with 
a huge stone Membrane head sculpture sticking out of it. The 
words 'MEMBRANE friend of the world enemy of Santa Claus' are 
written in stone.

Prof. Membrane: Good luck destroying Santa! And merry 
Christmas.

Cut to the North Pole, where a Labor Sleigh joins two that are 
already there. A large crowd of people has gathered. More exit 
the Labor Sleighs. The clock reads '10 MINUTES TO X-MAS.' 

MiniMoose (with bells and red nose) floats up to a microphone 
on the stage. He squeaks and the crowd cheers.
Zim: Hehehehe.. Well said, MiniMoose.
MiniMoose floats away as Zim approaches the microphone.
Zim: people of Earth! The teleporter is ready! So get inside 
it, hurry up!

Crowd member (trying not to cry): But Santa! It's Christmas 
Eve! Aren't you gonna sing Christmas carols?
The Santa suit begins to distort until the stabilizer absorbs 
the jolliness.
Zim: No! No more singing! Time to teleport!
One person in the crowd rises up.
Crowd member: And aren't you gonna give us any presents?
Zim: There's plenty of presents for you in the teleporter!
Zim knocks down the microphone.
Zim: Now go!

Another person in the back of the crowd runs towards the 
teleporter holding some kind of stuffed animal.
Person: Wheeeeeee!!!
He trips at the rim of the teleporter and the stuffed animal 
bounces onto it. It is teleported. Cut to the Massive. The 
Tallest eat some popcorn. The stuffed animal is suddenly 
teleported in front of them, surprising them and making them 
drop their popcorn. Cut back to the North Pole. A cute child in 
the front row talks to Zim.

Adorable child: But, Mr. Santa, before I go to my doom, can I 
have a hug!?
Zim: Huuuh!?!
Zim starts to back up. Zim groans. The suit begins to distort.
Zim: Child... so cute! I'm infested! Must resist! No! Nooo!!!
The stabilizer pops out. Zim backs up. Zim's face turns around 
to the back of the suit, and the suit turns around to align 
with the face a moment later. The suit's arms stretch down and 
pick up the child, then bring her back to Zim.
Zim: Of course you can have a hug, you cute little woogy!
Zim spreads his arms out, sending the child flying.
Zim: And lets all sing more songs!
Zim dances on the stage.
Zim: I am Santa! I am Santa!
The Santa suit covers over Zim's face.
Zim: Nooo!!!
Zim's voice is muffled. Zim's face is replaced by an actual 
Santa face. Inside the suit, Zim floats around in a void among 
presents, candy canes, and other Christmas items. Zim's voice 
is distorted.
Zim: Help! It's all lost. There's no way I can get out of this 
suit now! The Santa has won.
Santa suit: Ho ho ho ho ho.

Cut to the outside of the suit. The Santa suit sings 'ho ho ho' 
to the tune of 'jingle bells.' GIR drags out a sack of 
presents. The Santa suit tosses them to the crowd. A 
particularly large present crushes a man. Dib flies over the 
crowd in a large mech suit which lands at the back of the 
crowd. GIR makes an impressed noise.

Dib: Zim! Your Christmas time is up!
A compartment in the chest of the mech opens up and a laser 
pops out. Dib presses a button labeled 'CANNON' and the laser 
fires. It hits the Santa suit and pushes it back, as well as 
destroying part of the stage. The crowd murmurs. The Santa suit 
lies limp in the snow. It suddenly jerks awake with a demonic 
look on its face as it absorbs various Christmas items into 
itself. Huge candy cane spider legs emerge from the ice. The 
Santa suit begins to emerge, expanding and becoming gigantic in 
size.

Santa suit: Malfunction overload! Ho ho ho! You've been a bad 
little boy!
The Santa suit's arms are replaced by candy cane-colored 
tentacles that merge together into a pair of candy cane hooks.
Santa suit: Now Santa is going to destroy you!
The Santa suit leaps over the crowd and over to Dib's mech. Dib 
falls backwards. The Santa suit swipes one of its candy cane 
claws at Dib. Dib grabs the controls and moves the mech out of 
the way just in time. The Santa suit instead hits the 
teleporter. The crowd scatters out of the way of the falling 
debris, except for 45. The Santa suit swings its claws again 
and breaks off the laser cannon of the mech.
Hunchback woman: Rough him up real good, Johnny! Yeah!

Dib pushes a lever and a laser emerges out of the part of the 
mech modeled after Membrane's hair. The laser suits the Santa 
suit, creating thick smoke. The candy cane hooks pop out of the 
smoke as the Santa suit lunges at Dib's mech while roaring. The 
suit's tongue pops out with multiple prongs at the tip which 
make grabbing motions at Dib. Dib presses a button and treads 
appear under the mech's feet. Dib pushes some levers and the 
mech begins to roll, pinning the suit against a wall. Inside 
the suit, Zim is awakened. The Santa suit roars. Two large 
canisters on the mech aim at the Santa suit and open up, 
revealing a large amount of missiles. Dib presses a button and 
they all fire at the suit. The suit screams. Zim screams as he 
starts to flow out of the suit. He falls out of a stream of 
liquid pouring out of a hole punctured into the Santa suit.

Zim: Heh? The suit is weakened! Excellent!
Zim presses a button on his brain interface and the suit 
shrinks down to a toy-sized object. Zim kicks it into the 
mech's hand.
Zim: Now, Dib! Throw it into space!

Dib presses a button and the mech's hand closes into a fist. 
The fist aims upwards and shoots off into space.
Dib: I did it! Christmas is saved!

Crowd member: Hey! That boy threw Santa into the cold void of 
space!
Kap'n Claw: Chwismas is wuined fowever.
Dib: Wait! Would the real Santa have mutated into a horrible 
blob?

The crowd glance at each other and murmur.

Dib: And would Santa have teleported you into space? You were 
so desperate for a real Santa that you believed a monster in a 
costume! That's not Christmas! Go home! Forget about this! And 
spend time with your families... er whatever.
Crowd member: The giant metal boy is right!
Crowd member: What fools we've been!

Zim (o.s.): Wait!

The crowd looks over at the broken teleporter, where Zim, GIR, 
and MiniMoose stand, all in Platypus costumes.
Zim: Will you listen to the evil robot boy who destroyed Santa, 
or will you listen to... the Easter Platypus?
Zim begins throwing shrimp from a basket into the crowd.
Zim: Easter shrimp for all if you tackle the boy who destroyed 
Santa!

Crowd: Easter Platypus, we love you!
Dib climbs down from the mech and sees all the crowd members 
looking at him angrily.
Dib: No! No! Wait!
The crowd members tackle Dib. Dib screams and mutters.
Zim: Well, my evil mission was a success.
GIR: No it wasn't!
Zim: Silence! And, uh, merry Platypus one and all!
GIR: Yaaay!
GIR falls over. MiniMoose squeaks. 

Cut to Mr. Sludgy 2 million years in the future.

Mr. Sludgy: That's the story of the most horrible Christmas 
ever! But Zim and Dib were wrong that day! Santa wasn't 
destroyed. Santa lives on.
Child: In the hearts and minds of us all? Hm!

Mr. Sludgy: No! In space! Gathering power! And every Christmas 
he returns to Earth-

The children cower and huddle together.
Mr. Sludgy: -and that's why we all live in this protective 
dome!

Red lights flash and alarms ring. Mr. Sludgy looks out the 
window.

Mr. Sludgy: Looks like Santa's here! Raise the shields, 
children!

A dome covers the city just as the Santa suit lands on it, now 
covered in hair. It growls and gnaws on the dome. A giant plate 
of cookies and a giant glass of milk rise from the ground 
outside the city. 

The Santa suit grabs a cookie and dips it 
into the milk, then eats it. It then growls.
